Capgemini Interview



1.How to set up load Balancer.

2.Migration.which method your using.

3.difference between OVF and VMDK

4.Use of VPC how to create.

5.Why we use Cloud.

6.What security you believe using AWS Cloud.

7.Why can't use on premises any drawbacks.

8.explain VPC CIRD.

9.What is EC2 how to create with steps.

10.Autoscaling and Load Balancer.

11.possible to ScaleOut the our servers.

12.What is Cloud Front.

13.What is Cloud Trail in AWS.

14. difference between Cloud Formation and Terraform.

15.Cloud watch.

16.what are the default metrics available in cloud watch in Dashboard.

17. Is memory Utilization also available in Cloud watch metrics to Monitor the EC2 Instance.

18.Ansible Work flow.

19.Ansible work on which port.

20.Security Groups in AWS. Inbound and outbound rules

21.IP address class ranges.
22.What Project you involved.

23.Explain yourprojects in brief.
24.where Client Geographical era.

25.What security your give to your application using AWS.

Wipro
-------
1.What resources you provisioning through the Terraform in AWS.
2.How to setup ELB Via Terraform
3.How you Manage the SSL certificate using SSL.
4.what security Guidlines your using in AWS
5.For public access your terminating instance directly or how about you done.
6.End user can access at suggestion Interface on Http or Https how you configured.?
7.SSL configured in Instance itslef or in Load Balancer.
8.LB sending the traffic by instances on http or https again.
9.RDS -
10. Do you have exposer installing  postgreSQL on your VM  how to install.
(without RDS postgreSQL--Manually install postgresql on VM).
11.what Application server running on project..?
12.How to destroying java Application.
13.Tomcat version.
14. are you setup Tomcat Clustring as well or in single instance.
15.Ansible scripts are you managing in locally headless or in central location.
16.Ansible Tower.
17.Tomcat8 to Tomcat 9 upgrade.
18.how to manage your traffic to instances.

philips interview questions..
-----------------
1.How will suggest to new customer for instance types?
2.How will you connect different region instances?
3.How to configuring vpc and what are the vpc resources?
4.How will you connect one vpc to anothe in different regions?
5.Is there a versioning in s3?
6. What is git and what are the uses of git?
7.How will you check the ip is public or private?
8.What would you do if my instance is not connecting?
9.What is Cloud computing and types of cloud computing?
10.What is Iaas,Paas,Saas and what are the services under these three?
11.What are the types of innstances ?
12.Difference between on-demand,reserved, spot and dedicated host?
13.How will you test your instance is connecting or not?
14.How to mount a drive in linux?
15.How to create a DNS in Route53?
16.How will you migrate databases from local to aws by using RDS?

SDL Bangalore
-----------
1.Tell me about your self
2.what are the Roles and responsibilties
3.which monitoring tool using in cloud and How monitor the resources/services
4.Application server down what is reason and how to troubleshoot them.
5.How to troubleshoot the servers related issue
6.how to check the diskspace.
7. how to check the cpu utilization in windows
8.Explain CI/CD process
9.what do you know about the DEVOPS

1.Difference between maven and Ant why you choose Maven.
2.About the Elastic Load Balancer How it works
3.What are the Subnets
4. What is the Use of AMI
5.Can you Launch instance with out AMI
6.What is CI/CD
7.Any Script used in project
8.Difference between Ansible and Chef
9.What are the Testing used in your project.
10.How do you plan tasks in Agile Process
11.How do you configure the Heapsize in Tomcat.
12.How to Chnage the Heap Size.

3.How to Automate Provisioning Instances by Using Script,creation of EC2 instance using scripts.
4.what are the operations you do with EC2.
5.Command to find the Java Process.
   ans: ps aux | grep java

6.What is Adhoc-ps commands.
7.Have you installed any Software in Ec2
8.How to Install Tomcat in Ec2 Instance
9.Have you configured SSL

Ans :  ganerate JKS (java key store)file using key tool  
        create CSR (certification signing request)
        send CSR  to CA(certification AUthority)
         they will provide public key and along with root and intermediate cerificate-- move to JKS file

JKS means :: mechanism designed to create and manage private key or digital cerficate pairs
                ( means its private key)

10.How to enable Https and Its Port Number.
11.How to add extra instance to ELB.
12.How do you connect to AWS Instance.
13.How do you Build and Deploy in Jenkins.
14.What is the Use case of Ansible.
15.How do you build dependency jobs in maven.
16.Tell me Maven commands.
17.How do you resolve the Push and Pull conflicts.
18.How you merge the code into Master.
19.what is the Cloud watch.


1. difference between Spot Instance and  On-demand Instances.
2.What Lamda Function you implemented in your environments,Explain the process
3.We have Autoscaling instances in 3 availability zones, If instance is terminated in one availability zone,in which zone by default.
4.Difference between Versioning and Git or Bitbucket versioning.
5.Different types of Storages in S3
6.If we add a file from standard to Glacier,How long will take to restore to standard.
7.Difference between Access key and secreat key
8.Difference between public and private subnets
9.How to login to EC2 if we have no public ip
10.How will you login to ec2 instance if server have no public IP
11.How to restrict EFS to access particular servers and users.
12.What are the default AWS cloudwatch services
13.Different types of Notifications.

1. How to Acheive CI/CD in your Project end to end.
2.Can you explain how to setup Ansible in your Project.
3.Playbook for DB deployment.
4.Is your Application running on all Java based servers..?
5.Critical scenario Handeled during the production support.
6.Explain the roles in Environment setup..?
7.What are the process you follow  for Production deployment.
8.How you debug Java Application Logs.
9.Commands to Debugging.


